#summary Useful information for those new to Conflict Terra.
#labels Phase-Design,BeginnersGuide

= Introduction =

From our conception, Conflict Terra's strove to be different, in at least the small, easy-to-achieve ways, from the bulk of games on the Spring Engine.  This goal is a continuous process of thinking of new ideas, and implementing them.

At the moment Conflict Terra may not seem very different from the usual game on the Spring Engine, and that's true for a lot of parts of the game.  But there are aspects of Conflict Terra which are not the norm, and should be pointed out for players who are unfamiliar with Conflict Terra, even if they are seasoned Spring veterans.

----

  * == Storage ==

  New players most likely notice early on that there are no resource storage buildings that they can make with their Engineer Support Mech.  That's right, there are no typical resource storage buildings for the NKG.  But, there are three main options for resource storage that the player can utilize to help them play.  The three groups of storage units are:

    * === Supply Trucks ===
    Built at the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Support_Factory Support Factory], the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Tetsuda_Type_Supply_Truck Tetsuda Type Supply Truck] and [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Raida_Type_Supply_Truck Raida Type Supply Truck] are unarmed, mobile units that give +25 storage to Metal and Energy, respectively.  The Supply Trucks provide the player with Tech Level 1 storage.  +25 storage is pretty insignificant though, so it is advised that you deploy your Supply Trucks to gain their full potential of storage.  They can morph into the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Tetsuda_Type_Supply_Truck_Depot Tetsuda Type Supply Truck Depot] and [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Raida_Type_Supply_Truck_Depot Raida Type Supply Truck Depot], which give +500 storage to Metal and Energy, respectively.    When deployed, the Supply Trucks cannot move and are still unarmed, so they should be tucked away somewhere safe.  In the event your base is under attack, you can return them to their mobile forms, and move them away from combat!

    * === Supply Ships ===
    The [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Douda_Class_Supply_Ship Douda Class Supply Ship] and [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Hida_Class_Supply_Ship Hida Class Supply Ship] have a more straightforward role than the Supply Trucks.  Providing a level of storage in between Tech Level 1 and 2, they are built from the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Naval_Battleship_Factory Naval Battle Factory] and [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Advanced_Naval_Battleship_Factory Advanced Naval Battleship Factory].  They are simply units that provide +750 storage to Metal and Energy, respectively.  Not needing to deploy to reach their full potential, they are free to move wherever they wish and continue providing storage capabilities.  Like the Supply Trucks, they are unarmed.

    * === Supply Cruisers ===
    The Supply Cruisers provide Tech Level 2 levels of storage.  Functioning more like the Supply Trucks, the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Takeda_Class_Supply_Cruiser Takeda Class Supply Cruiser] and [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Denda_Class_Supply_Cruiser Denda Class Supply Cruiser] are built from the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Cruiser_Beacon Cruiser Beacon] and must deploy into the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Takeda_Class_Supply_Cruiser_Depot Takeda Class Supply Cruiser Depot] and [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/NKGUnitOverview#Denda_Class_Supply_Cruiser_Depot Denda Class Supply Cruiser Depot] to provide their maximum level of storage.  While in Cruiser form, they provide +50 storage to Metal and Energy, respectively, but when deployed they provide +1000 storage to Metal and Energy, respectively.  Unarmed like all of the supply units, they are airborne and the most mobile options.

  == Assisting Builders ==

  Worker units having the ability to not only assist fellow workers, but also factories producing units, is a unique feature of the Spring Engine.  However, Conflict Terra does not support this feature.  In Conflict Terra:

  * Worker units cannot assist other worker units.
  * Worker units cannot assist factories producing more units.

  Why is this the case?  We decided on this for a handful of reasons.  One of the reasons we went with this approach, and the reason perhaps most beneficial for you, the player, is that now the Build Time displayed in the Tooltip is a representation of the number of seconds it takes to complete the task.

  In case you weren't aware of this before, the number given in this tooltip is the Build Time, merely a numerical value, a variable in the equation the engine uses to determine when a task is complete.  The other variable in the equation is the Worker Time of the worker, another numerical value.  This is what the equation looks like:

   ||Number of seconds = Build Time / Worker Time||

  For most of the games and mods in the Spring Engine, the Build Times are large values, and the Worker Times smaller values, to accommodate for multiple workers assisting to complete a task.  The side effect of this is that the number given to the player in their Tooltip is an unintuitive number.

  All workers in Conflict Terra have a Worker Time of 1, while all units have Build Times in the amount of seconds the developers would like the task to be completed.  This simplistic approach is very similar to the system found in, for example, Starcraft, a respected RTS.

  Our approach doesn't come without side effects though.  By not allowing workers to assist others, a handful of handy gadgets become unavailable to us, and it means that workers cannot leave a building project and then return to it.  These limitations are frustrating but issues we'll have to deal with unless someone steps forward with a roundabout solution.