#summary Dedicated Page for Conflict Terra Legacy
#labels Phase-Information

= Introduction =

Conflict Terra Legacy is simply a side-project with two main goals in mind:
  * To provide a "simple" model of a game file for future game makers and modders to look at.
  * To provide a sort of library showing all of the units that were once in Conflict Terra, as it ages through development.

= So what's the point? =

Well there isn't much of one.  The idea came about when contemplating the consequences of our movement into a different economy.  The shift would undoubtedly complicate our game structurally quite a bit, and that meant that our game could no longer be used as an example for future modders.  This was saddening, because the Development Team is all too familiar with the cold wasteland that is game development in Spring.

I decided to make the Conflict Terra Legacy branch so that the previous simplicity of our game could be maintained for others to look at for examples and help.

The Conflict Terra Legacy branch will also stand as a gallery for old and no longer used units that were once in the game.  Quite a few units, both in total concept and simply how they were modeled, have disappeared from the game, ranging from the original ugly model for the iconic Flagship, to the misused Taira Defense Mech.

The inclusion of these old units will not be immediate, simply because this is a side project.  Eventually I'm hoping Conflict Terra Legacy will be complete and show everything that was once in the game.