#summary Glossary
#labels Phase-Guide

= Introduction =

This is intended to be a glossary of terms for Conflict Terra.  When coming up with descriptions, and talking about elements of the game, we naturally started using specific terms.  While a lot of the terms will no doubt retain their conventional meaning, we discovered that some of the connotations we saw in certain words did not translate into how others saw the game, and confusion arose.  This page is intended to help combat that confusion.

= A =

=== Aircraft ===
For the NKG, the term aircraft is used to specify flying units that are constantly moving.  They differ from the Cruisers, which have the ability to float-in-place, in this way.  They are also much smaller than Cruisers, and very much mirror real-life aircraft.

=== Anti-Mech ===
For the NKG, while the name is pretty self-explanatory, it specifically means a unit is designed to deal higher damage to mechs.  All Anti-Mech units fire missiles, but not all missile units are Anti-Mech units.

=== Artillery ===
For the NKG, artillery units are specifically units that deal high damage to buildings, although not all units that deal high damage to buildings are considered artillery.  They are often times long-ranged, although it should not be counted on.

=== Assault ===
For the NKG, units that use the term assault are generally meant to be offensive units.  This means that they are intended to be used to take land or strategic areas, and usually deal sufficient to high damage.  It does _not_ mean they are especially well-armored, or should be on the front line.  It merely means they do better at taking bases than defending them.

= B =

=== Beam Weapon ===
For the NKG, the definition of beam weaponry closely reflects the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Century_technology#Mega-particle_cannon Mega Particle] weaponry of the Universal Century timeline of Gundam, just without the science backing it up.  Some may call the beam weapons they see in Conflict Terra "lasers", but I dislike this term because a laser is just light.  The beam weapons used by the NKG are closer to a type of plasma, burning very hot and able to be shot as a projectile.  For in-game users, the beam weapons tend to be used by more advanced units, although some units that use beam weapons aren't particularly special.  It was usually a cosmetic choice to give a unit a beam weapon.

= C =

=== Cannon ===
For the NKG, the term cannon is used to describe a generic "gun" type weapon.  Firing some kind of shell, cannons are often not the fastest weapon types, but not the slowest either.  Their damage is also not especially high, but are decent.  In short, most cannons are very average and middle-of-the-spectrum weapons in most ways.

=== Cloak ===
The Cloak ability makes units invisible to enemy players, but the Cloaked unit is still susceptible to being picked up by radar.  Most Cloaked units require Energy to maintain the state, although that is not always the case.  It should also be noted that Cloaked units will be detected if they go to close to enemy units.

=== Cruiser ===
Large flying "ships" for the NKG, Cruisers are a staple of the NKG and are necessary for any NKG player.  They serve many roles, with some being factories to produce other units such as mechs and tanks, and some being simple battle units.  They are not spacecraft, and shouldn't be confused with that despite their stereotypical "spacecraft" appearance.

= D =

=== Drones ===
Coming Soon.

= E =

=== Energy ===
Energy is one of the two resources in Conflict Terra.  Obtained primarily through building buildings whose sole purpose is to create Energy, the resource is mostly used as a limiting factor on a player, requiring them to build an adequate Energy economy in order to expand.  Every unit requires Energy to be built, and all Energy and Metal values are the same.

For the NKG, it is also used by radar towers to function; if the player has exhausted their Energy, the radar towers will stop functioning.

= F =

=== Fighter ===
For the NKG, a fighter is a type of aircraft specifically built to counter enemy aircraft.  They are unable to attack the ground, or any unit on the ground, and can only fire at other flying units.  While they can deal some damage to Cruisers, fighters are specifically strong against actual aircraft.

=== Flying Mech ===
For the NKG, the term flying mech pertains to only two units, a pair of unique "mechs" that are in fact airborne.  They have this name mostly because although they are air units, they do not resemble aircraft at all.  The flying mechs can be confusing, because although their movement style is shared by the Cruisers, they fall under the Aircraft Armor Type.  To repeat, flying mechs use the _Aircraft_ Armor Type.

= H =

=== Hover ===
For the NKG, a hover unit means that the unit is able to travel over water just as if it were land, and move between the two seamlessly.  Unlike some Total Annihilation derived games where "hovers" are a group of units in and of themselves, the NKG's hover units are mixed in with the other unit groups, and any per-conceived notion about the hover units should not be carried into the game.

= L =

=== Light ===
For the NKG, a light unit essentially means that the unit either does low damage, has low HP, or a combination of the two.  It does not always mean the unit is especially fast, although it is sometimes the case.

=== Line of Sight ===
Line of Sight means the distance each unit can "see" in the game.  This affects if your units can see enemy units.  If a normal enemy unit is within one of your units Line of Sight, you will be able to see it.  An easy way to see exactly how much of the map you can "see" is to push the hotkey L.  This toggles the Fog of War on and off.  It should be noted that Cloaked enemy units do not appear in your Line of Sight.

= M =

=== Mech ===
See [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Glossary#Sentou_Meka Sentou Meka].

=== Metal ===
One of the two resources in Conflict Terra, Metal is obtained primarily through mining meteorites on the map.  Another way to obtain Metal is to reclaim wrecked units.  On some maps, ones not made by the Conflict Terra Team, some features can be reclaimed for Metal as well, although that could affect the state of balance in the game.  Metal is used to build buildings and units, and all Metal and Energy values are the same.

=== Meteorite ===
A meteorite is any mine-able "rock" on the map.  There are two main types of meteorites:  meteorites that spawn on the map at the start of the game, and meteorites that fall to the map and crash throughout the course of a game.  Your miners, when told to do so, will seek out these meteorites.

=== Miner ===
A miner is any unit that can "mine" meteorites on the map to obtain Metal for their player.

= N =

=== Nihon Kadousei Guntai ===
The Nihon Kadousei Guntai is the full name for the often abbreviated NKG.  It is Japanese for "Japanese Mobile Forces."  The kanji for the name is:  日本可動性軍隊.

= P =

=== PN ===
Coming Soon.

= R =

=== Radar ===
Radar is a function some units in Conflict Terra have, that allows players to be aware of the presence of enemy units that they may not be able to see.  Any normal enemy units within the range of a Radar unit will appear as a colored circle to the player.  You will need to get visual confirmation with your actual Line of Sight to identify the unit.  It should be noted that Stealth units do not appear on Radar.

= S =

=== Sentou Meka ===
SM for short, Sentou Meka is the full and "official" name of the type of mechs used by the NKG.  Japanese for "combat mech", the SM are essentially large mechanical combat vehicles, usually resembling the human figure to at least some abstract degree, although not always.  They are generally more expensive, faster, and hit harder than NKG tanks, although they also are generally destroyed quicker.

=== Siege ===
For the NKG, units specified as "siege" units specifically deal high damage to buildings.  Essentially the same as the term Artillery.

=== Stealth ===
Stealth units are visible to the enemy, but will not show up on radar.  Stealth units do not require any sort of Energy maintenance, and the Stealth state can not be turned off or on; it is always on.

= T =

=== Tank ===
For the NKG, the tanks are overall the less advanced of the two main unit types.  Generally slower, cheaper, and dealing less damage, they exceed the mechs in their superior armor and longer ranged weapons.  They are best in a defensive situation, although they do well in providing a solid line to fall back to during an offensive maneuver.

=== Tech Level 1 ===
Synonymous with the Total Annihilation term "T1", Tech Level 1 roughly means any unit that is able to built "right out of the gate."  Of course, due to the somewhat different structure of the NKG, this term can be difficult to define with words, so it will just be said that they represent the first tier of units for a player.  In-game, an easy way to identify a Tech Level 1 unit is its grey border in its build pic.

=== Tech Level 2 ===
Synonymous with the Total Annihilation term "T2", Tech Level 2 roughly means any unit that is only accessible after upgrading a "factory."  They are usually more expensive, and therefore powerful or useful, then their Tech Level 1 cousins.  An easy way to identify a Tech Level 2 unit in-game is by its golden border in the build pic.

= U =

=== Unit ===
A common RTS term, we use the word "unit" to specify an individual mech, tank, aircraft, or any other controllable entity in the game.  While buildings technically can be called units, we tend to just call them buildings to help differentiate them.