#summary Information about Maps.
#labels Phase-Information

= Table of Contents =
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#Note_for_Players Note for Players]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#Conflict_Terra_Map_Policy Conflict Terra Map Policy]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#Links Links]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#"Official"_Conflict_Terra_Maps "Official" Conflict Terra Maps]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#CT_Eureka CT_Eureka]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#CT_Fishbone_Ridge CT Fishbone Ridge]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#CT_Tumblebrush_Basin CT Tumblebrush Basin]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#CT_Archway CT Archway]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#CT_Eitbyeit_Gorge CT Eitbyeit Gorge]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#Non-CT_Maps_with_Defined_Resource_Placement Non-CT Maps with Defined Resource Placement]

= Note for Players =

While Conflict Terra will try to make any non-CT map playable by spawning mine-able resources according to the metal map, this does not always give the best results. 
So for the best experience you should play an [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#"Official"_Conflict_Terra_Maps official map], prefixed with CT.

We also have a growing list of non-CT maps by the community that have configuration files which allow them to have unique resource layouts.  A list of these maps can be found [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo#Non-CT_Maps_with_Defined_Resource_Placement here].  

= Conflict Terra Map Policy =

We decided that our policy towards community maps for the game is that if you put the proper lua in the map, and put "CT" at the beginning of the map name, we're okay with what you make.  You can go with whatever visual style you want, that is up to you.  The development team will continue to make maps in the style you've seen.

= Links =

Here are some links to some guides to help you make your own Conflict Terra map, if you'd wish to do so.

  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapsAndRocks How to Add Starting Rocks to a Map]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Conflict_Terra_Map_Making How to Make a Map in the Style of Conflict Terra's Maps]

= "Official" Conflict Terra Maps =

These maps are made by the development team, specifically Oksnoop2, who embraces the map-making side of Spring.

== CT Eureka ==

  * CT Eureka is a relatively open map that is broken up by small hills.  Pine trees dot the lowlands, and an occasional boulder gives a strong alpine feeling to the map.
  * Supports up to 8 players
  * 16 x 16
  * [http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/files/CT_Eurekav6.sd7 Download]

||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eureka%20map.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eureka%20miners.png||
||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eureka%20snipers.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eureka%20hojo%20and%20oukami.png||

== CT Fishbone Ridge ==

  * CT Fishbone Ridge is an interesting map.  A spine-like ridge runs through the middle, with initial starting spots in small canyons jutting from the ridge.  Cacti and boulders stand in this desert battleground.
  * Supports up to 13 players
  * 20 x 10
  * [http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/files/CT_Fishbone_Ridgev6.sd7 Download]

||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Fishbone%20Ridge%20Map.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Fishbone%20Ridge%20miners.png||
||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Fishbone%20Ridge%20artillery%20mech.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Fishbone%20Ridge%20Sunset.png||

== CT Tumblebrush Basin ==

  * CT Tumblebrush Basin is a large basin where fighting ignites most often in the middle of the map.  Success usually comes from the most aggressive player.  The flat bottom of the basin appears barren at first, but it is actually filled with cacti, flowering barrel cacti, tumbleweed, and even has a few hoodoo.  Some say a strange plant grows high in the hills there, a hybrid plant called tumblebrush!
  * Supports up to 10 players
  * 16 x 16
  * [http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/files/CT_Tumblebrush_Basinv1.sd7 Download]

||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Tumblebrush%20Basin%20map.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Tumblebrush%20Basin%20view1.png||
||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Tumblebrush%20Basin%20cacti.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Tumblebrush%20Basin%20miners.png||

== CT Archway ==

  * CT Archway is a map divided by a steep chasm spanned by both flat land and extremely large stone arches.  The arches cannot be crossed, but units can move under them!  Deforested plateaus rise in each corner, providing a raised location for a base.
  * Supports up to 8 players
  * 16 x 16
  * [http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/files/CT_Archwayv2.sd7 Download]

||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Archway%20Map.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Archway%20Arches.png||
||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Archway%20Plateau.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Archway%20Stumps.png||

== CT Eitbyeit Gorge ==

  * CT Eitbyeit Gorge is a small map intended for one on one battles.  The first map ever made with the "CT style", it sat as a testing map due to it's small size.  It was pulled out for one on one's when the desire was made known for a small map.  Large meteor supplies are in the middle mountain, but side-by-side mining is dangerous!
  * Supports up to 2 players
  * 8 x 8
  * [http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/files/CT_Eitbyeit_Gorgev1.sd7 Download]

||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eitbyeit%20Map.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eitbyeit%20Gorge.png||
||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eitbyeit%20Mining.png||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/images/Eitbyeit%20Deeper.png||

= Non-CT Maps with Defined Resource Placement =
Besides placing resources via the metal map, Conflict Terra also contains configuration files for more detailed placement of resources.

So far Conflict Terra includes configuration files for the following Spring maps:

  * KochCanyon-v02
  * MoonQ20x
  * Terra
  * TitanDuel
  * Trench_Linked
  * Valley Of Unrest V3
  * Victoria Crater
  * Seths_Ravine

Thanks to all mappers who originally made these nice maps :)