#summary A basic guide to the units for the NKG.
#labels Phase-Design,UnitGuide

= Introduction =

== Economic Buildings ==

  === Raw Material Extractor ===
    ||Raw Material Extractor||Tech Level 1||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/bmex.png||Extracts usable resources from the ground.  Must be built over a metal deposit.||

  === Low Yield Power Plant ===
    ||Low Yield Power Plant||Tech Level 1||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/bpowerplant.png||Uses heat from the sun to run a generator.  Adds +5 energy.||

  === Medium Yield Power Plant ===
    ||Medium Yield Power Plant||Tech Level 1||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/bnuclearpower.png||Compact nuclear reactor provides power but also explodes upon destruction.  Adds +45 energy.||

  === Material Refinery ===
    ||Material Refinery||Tech Level 1||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/bmetalconverter.png||Uses power to convert waste metal back into usable resources.  Uses 60 energy to make 1 metal.||

  === Raw Material Extractor Sea Platform ===
    ||Raw Material Extractor Sea Platform||Tech Level 1||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/bseamex.png||Floating extractor of usable resources from the seafloor.  Must be built over a metal deposit.||	

  === Floating Solar Plant ===
    ||Floating Solar Plant||Tech Level 1||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/bseapowerplant.png||Floating solar panels that provide a small but decent supply of power.  Adds +15 energy.||

  === Advanced Raw Material Extractor ===
    ||Advanced Raw Material Extractor||Tech Level 2||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/badvmex.png||Higher yield resource extractor that requires power to run.  Must be built over a metal deposit.||

  === High Yield Power Plant ===
    ||High Yield Power Plant||Tech Level 2||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/badvpowerplant.png||Easy to install power station capable of giving a sizeable boost to energy.  Adds +50 energy.||

  === Very High Yield Power Plant ===
    ||Very High Yield Power Plant||Tech Level 2||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/badvnuclearpower.png||Very advanced reactor that has a large explosion on destruction.  Adds +225 energy.||

  === Advanced Material Refinery ===
    ||Advanced Material Refinery||Tech Level 2||
    ||http://conflictterra.googlecode.com/svn/games/CT/unitpics/badvmetalconverter.png||A more efficient facility to use power to make more usable resources.  Uses 600 energy to make 10 metal.||


== Defensive Buildings ==

----
Radar Tower	Radar Outpost
----
Jammer Tower	Radar Jamming Outpost
----
Anti-Land	Terrestrial Turret
----
Anti-Air	Anti-Air Turret
----
Anti-Naval	Anti-Ship Turret
----
Rapid Fire	Gatling Turret
----
Anti-Mech	Anti-Mech Turret
----
Sea Radar Tower	Floating Radar Tower
----
Torpedo Turret	Floating Torpedo Turret
----
Adv. Radar Tower	Radar Tower
----
Adv. Jammer Tower	Radar Jamming Tower
----
Adv. Anti-Land	Terrestrial Gun Emplacement
----
Adv. Anti-Air	Anti-Air Gun Emplacement
----
Adv. Anti-Naval	Anti-Ship Gun Emplacement
----
Adv. Rapid Fire	Gatling Gun Emplacement
----
Adv. Anti-Mech	Anti-Mech Missile Emplacement
----
Shield Generator	Shield Generator
----
Adv. Sea Radar Tower	Advanced Floating Radar Tower
----
Adv. Torpedo Emplacement	Advanced Floating Torpedo Emplacement
----
Anti-Land Defense Ship	Yamada Class Battery
----
Anti-Land Defense Ship (Mobile Form)	Yamada Class Battery (Mobile Form)
----
Anti-Air Defense Ship	Sanada Class Battery
----
Anti-Air Defense Ship (Mobile Form)	Sanada Class Battery (Mobile Form)
----
Anti-Navy Defense Ship	Yoshida Class Battery
----
Anti-Navy Defense Ship (Mobile Form)	Yoshida Class Battery (Mobile Form)
----

== Factories ==

----
Mech Factory	Mech Factory
----
Advanced Mech Factory	Advanced Mech Factory
----
Tank Factory	Terrestrial Tank Factory
----
Advanced Tank Factory	Advanced Terrestrial Tank Factory
----
Airport	Airport
----
Advanced Airport	Advanced Airport
----
Supply Factory	Supply Factory
----
Shipyard	Naval Battleship Factory
----
Advanced Shipyard	Advanced Naval Battleship Factory
----
Sub Pens	Sub Pens
----
Advanced Sub Pens	Advanced Sub Pens
----
Cruiser Beacon	Cruiser Beacon
----
Experimental Build Pad	Experimental Build Pad
----

== Support ==

----
Engineer	Engineer Support Mech
----
Metal Supply Truck	Tetsuda Type Supply Truck
----
Metal Supply Truck Depot	Tetsuda Type Supply Truck Depot
----
Power Supply Truck	Raida Type Supply Truck
----
Power Supply Truck Depot	Raida Type Supply Truck Depot
----
Hover Transport	Saito Type Hover Transport
----
Resurrection Tank	Resurrection Team
----
Advanced Engineer	Advanced Engineer Support Mech
----

== Cruisers ==

----
Flagship	Oda Class Cruiser
----
Mobile Headquarters	Temporary Base
----
Battle Flagship	Owari Class Cruiser
----
Battle Cruiser	Uesugi Class Cruiser
----
Transport Carrier	Maeda Class Cruiser
----
Metal Supply Cruiser	Takeda Class Supply Cruiser
----
Metal Supply Cruiser Depot	Takeda Class Supply Cruiser Depot
----
Power Supply Cruiser	Denda Class Supply Cruiser
----
Power Supply Cruiser Depot	Denda Class Supply Cruiser Depot
----

== Mechs ==

----
Base Defense Mech	Taira Defense Mech
----
Basic Mech	Hojo Combat Mech
----
Sniper Mech	Saiga Combat Support Mech
----
Flying Mech	Fuma Aerial Combat Mech
----
Missile Mech	Ueda Combat Support Mech
----
Siege Mech	Ishida Combat Mech
----
Heavy Mech	Honda Combat Mech
----
Heavy Siege Mech	Shimazu Combat Mech
----
Heavy Missile Mech	Shibata Combat Support Mech
----
Flying Heavy Mech	Hattori Aerial Combat Mech
----
Heavy Assault Mech	Izanagi Assault Mech
----
Hover Mech	Azai Hover Combat Mech
----
Advanced Hover Mech	Yagyu Hover Combat Mech
----

== Tanks ==

----
Assault Tank	Oukami Type Tank
----
Anti-Mech Tank	Kuma Type Tank
----
Artillery	Uma Type Tank
----
Siege Artillery	Tatakau Type Tank
----
Radar Tank	Ureme Type Radar Tank
----
Heavy Assault Tank	Ogami Type Tank
----
Heavy Anti-mech Tank	Okuma Type Tank
----
Very Heavy Siege Artillery	Sekai Type Tank
----
EMP Cannon Tank	Kizetsu Type Tank
----
EMP Cannon Turret Mode	Kizetsu Type EMP Cannon Turret
----
Anti-Air Truck	Taka Type Armored Truck
----
Anti-Air Truck Turret Mode	Taka Type Anti-Air Turret
----
Adv. Radar Tank	Ome Type Radar Tank
----

== Aircraft ==

----
Fighter	Tori Type Fighter
----
Bomber	Ure Type Bomber
----
Rocket Warplane	Washi Type Warplane
----
Radar Plane	Kangae Type Radar Plane
----
Adv. Fighter	Otorii Type Fighter
----
Adv. Bomber	Otoko Type Bomber
----
Adv. Rocket Warplane	Daishi Type Warplane
----
Adv. Radar Plane	Obou Type Radar Plane
----
Laser Fighter	Suzaku Type Fighter
----



== Ships ==

----
Naval Engineer	Naval Engineer Support Ship
----
Metal Supply Ship	Douda Class Supply Ship
----
Energy Supply Ship	Hida Class Supply Ship
----
Battleship	Ii Class Battleship
----
Rocket Battleship	Shima Class Battleship
----
Artillery Ship	Akechi Class Battleship
----
Anti-Air Ship	Imagawa Class Battleship
----
Radar Ship	Shiru Class Radar Ship
----
Advanced Naval Engineer	Advanced Naval Engineer Support Ship
----
Adv. Battleship	Mori Class Battleship
----
Adv. Rocket Battleship	Sasaki Class Battleship
----
Long Range Artillery Ship	Minamoto Class Battleship
----
Adv. Anti-Air Ship	Kato Class Battleship
----
Adv. Radar Ship	Wakaru Class Radar Ship
----

== Submarines ==

----
Submarine	Suida Class Submarine
----
Anti-Air Submarine	Kazeda Class Submarine
----
Adv. Submarine	Osui Class Submarine
----
Adv. Anti-Air Submarine	Okaze Class Submarine
----



















