#summary A hub for the design and implementation of the units we call Carriers.
#labels Phase-Implementation,Carriers

= Introduction =

In the beginning processes of designing the content that would eventually be called Conflict Terra, the NKG was in concept quite different from how it turned out eight months later.  For the most part, this difference centered around one key design characteristic that was later shot down through the fact that it required knowledge far out of reach.  This idea was basically that the majority of "factories" in the game would be large hovering aircraft, Cruisers by the current game's terminology, and that they would more or less serve as "moving factories."


= Function =

These proposed Carriers would resemble the factory-type units in the Homeworld Series very much.  Slow moving, large ships that are able to create the bulk of your units and in some cases provide transport capabilities are some of the main features that were in the original design.

In the original design, the Flagship would be able to sort of "summon" the three other major  Carriers, a Mech Carrier, an Aircraft Carrier, and a low flying "amphibious mech" Carrier.  Each of these Carriers would have had the ability to build an Engineer, which would then be able to build the standard economic buildings, of course, in addition to a standard terrestrial Tank Factory and a floating Shipyard.


= Why So Hard? =

The biggest obstacle was to basically have the units being built to be built "on" the Carrier, and upon completion either descend to the map if it was a Mech, or take off if it was an Aircraft.

We know this kind of behavior is possible because it has more or less been replicated in the THIS game being developed.  Any possibility of this feature making it into Conflict Terra would solely come from outside assistance, as we imagine the lua scripting required is quite fancy.

= What Needs to be Done? =

Someone who either helped THIS achieve this feature, or someone willing to figure out how to do it, should contact Oksnoop2 or SanadaUjiosan so discussion can begin on where to begin.


= Faction Reassembly =

Thankfully, the difficulty of this task was realized early on, and so the NKG was able to shift directions early and painlessly.  The end result that the player sees today is a much more traditional setup, with Engineer's able to build typical building factories to produce more units.  If this feature were to ever be made available to Conflict Terra, the NKG would go under a somewhat dramatic reassembly.  An example of this reassembly would be something like this:

  * Flagship
    * Can "summon" (build) Mech Carrier
      * Can build Engineer Support Mech
        * Can build typical economic and defensive buildings
        * Can build Terrestrial Tank Factory
        * Can build floating Shipyard
        * Can build Fleet Beacon
          * Can build all other Carriers (in the event of Flagship destruction)
          * Can build T2 Cruisers (Battle Cruiser and Transport Carrier)
    * Can "summon" (build) Aircraft Carrier
      * Can build Engineer Support Mech
        * Can build typical economic and defensive buildings
        * Can build Terrestrial Tank Factory
        * Can build floating Shipyard
        * Can build Fleet Beacon
          * Can build all other Carriers (in the event of Flagship destruction)
          * Can build T2 Cruisers (Battle Cruiser and Transport Carrier)
    * Can "summon" (build) Amphibious Mech Carrier
      * Can build Naval Engineer Support Ship
        * Can build typical sea-worthy economic and defensive buildings
        * Can build floating Shipyard
        * Can build Floating Fleet Beacon
          * Can build all other Carriers (in the event of Flagship destruction)
          * Can build T2 Cruisers (Battle Cruiser and Transport Carrier)