#summary First Stop Towards Playing Conflict Terra
#labels Featured,Phase-Information

= Welcome =

Welcome to Conflict Terra.  We're a small, open-source RTS running on the Spring Engine that hopes to offer fun and unique gameplay.  We hope you enjoy the game that we've worked very hard on, and that you can help us improve the game as time goes by!

= Table of Contents =
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Welcome#What_Do_I_Need_to_Play? What Do I Need to Play?]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Welcome#The_Spring_Engine The Spring Engine]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Welcome#Getting_and_Updating_Conflict_Terra Getting and Updating Conflict Terra]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Welcome#A_Map_to_Play_On A Map to Play On]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Welcome#Now_to_Play! Now to Play!]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Welcome#Enjoy_the_Game Enjoy the Game]

= What Do I Need to Play? =

== The Spring Engine ==

Conflict Terra uses the Spring Engine, an open-source RTS engine that runs several other games and mods.

You can download the engine for Windows [http://cdnetworks-us-2.dl.sourceforge.net/project/springrts/springrts/spring-0.82.7.1/spring_0.82.7.1.exe here].

Linux users can follow the setup guide [http://springrts.com/wiki/SetupGuide here].

The engine still sees updates from time to time, so it is important to check up on the [http://springrts.com/ home site] from time to time to see if an update has been released!

== Getting and Updating Conflict Terra ==

There are a few options to get the latest version of Conflict Terra available.  These are through the Zero K Lobby and Rapid.

Rapid is explained [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/How_to_update_Conflict_Terra_using_Rapid here], and is the advised way to update Conflict Terra because it is fast and easy!

If you wish to poke around some of the other projects for the Spring Engine, you could try the Zero K Lobby.  You can download the latest version there.

Updating Conflict Terra through the Zero K Lobby is explained [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/How_to_Update_Conflict_Terra_using_zk here].

== A Map to Play On ==

Now that you have the engine and the game, you'll need a battlefield!  Conflict Terra is playable on any working map for the Spring Engine, but some maps are of course better suited to the game.  We currently have two official maps, which you can read more about on our Map Information wiki, found [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/MapInfo here].

If you're feeling adventuresome, you can browse the several hundred maps for Spring [http://www.springfiles.com/files.php?subcategory_id=2 here].

Like the game archives, all you have to do is double click the file after it's downloaded, and the engine will put it where it needs to be.

= Now to Play! =

After you have all of these, you can play our game!  Open the SpringLobby application, and if you're connected to the internet it will prompt you to create a username and password.  Go ahead and make them, right then and there, and you'll be ready to either play by yourself or with others via one of the tabs at the top.

  * *Chat* gives you access to the IRC based chat network for the Spring community.
  * *Battlelist* gives you access to all of the multiplayer games being played and waiting to be played.  Search for one featuring Conflict Terra, and start playing with your friends!
  * *Battleroom* is the room for the multiplayer game you join.
  * *Singleplayer* is where you can start a singleplayer match, either against an AI, or by yourself just to see what's in the game.  Check out our [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/Adding_an_AI Adding an AI] page to learn how to do that.

= Enjoy the Game =

We hope you enjoy our game, and that you follow the project as it matures over time.  Our site here on googlecode is our hub of operations, and most if not all of the information on Conflict Terra can be found here.

Join our chat channel in the Spring Lobby by typing /join #ct, and then selecting autojoin from the channel tab.

Read the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/wiki/StartsGuide2 Starting Guide] if you're having some trouble figuring the game out, or just curious.

Report a bug or issue on our [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/issues/entry Issues] page.  Don't worry if you think you're criticizing the game, we need feedback to make it better!

Or browse the [http://code.google.com/p/conflictterra/source/browse/#svn/games/CT Source] if that's your thing.

Finally, if you're a fan of modDB, you can check out our [http://www.moddb.com/games/conflict-terra page] there.  It's not kept up to date as often as our site here, but it is a great place to keep tabs on.